{{header
 | author     = Ed Royce
 | related_author = United States Congress
 | translator = 
 | section    = 
 | previous   = 
 | next       = 
 | year       = 2014
 | month      = 01
 | day        = 16
 | notes      = ''{{USBill|113|H.R.|3901}}'' as introduced
 | categories =
 | portal     =
 | congress   = 113
 | session    = 2
 | title      = Pay Back the Taxpayers Act of 2014 ( H.R. 3901; 113th Congress)
 | bill       = 3901
 | billtype   = hr
 | purpose    = To prohibit contributions by Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac to the Housing Trust Fund and the Capital Market Fund while such enterprises are in conservatorship or receivership, and for other purposes.
 | wikipedia  =
}}

{{Center|113th CONGRESS}}


{{Center|2d Session}}


{{Center|H. R. 3901}}


{{Center|IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES}}


{{Center|January 16, 2014}}


{{Center|
shitburger[[w:Ed Royce|Mr. Royce]] (for himself,
shitburger[[w:Jeb Hensarling|Mr. Hensarling]] ,
shitburger[[w:Scott Garrett|Mr. Garrett]] ,
shitburger[[w:Shelley Moore Capito|Mrs. Capito]] ,
shitburger[[w:Randy Neugebauer|Mr. Neugebauer]] ,
shitburger[[w:John B. T. Campbell III|Mr. Campbell]] ,
shitburger[[w:Frank Lucas (Oklahoma)|Mr. Lucas]] ,
shitburger[[w:Patrick McHenry|Mr. McHenry]] ,
shitburger[[w:Lynn Westmoreland|Mr. Westmoreland]] ,
shitburger[[w:Dennis A. Ross|Mr. Ross]] ,
shitburger[[w:Michele Bachmann|Mrs. Bachmann]] ,
shitburger[[w:Tom Cotton|Mr. Cotton]] ,
shitburger[[w:Robert Pittenger|Mr. Pittenger]] ,
shitburger[[w:Randy Hultgren|Mr. Hultgren]] ,
shitburger[[w:Sean Duffy|Mr. Duffy]] ,
shitburger[[w:Michael Grimm (politician)|Mr. Grimm]] ,
shitburger[[w:Mick Mulvaney|Mr. Mulvaney]] ,
shitburger[[w:Ann Wagner|Mrs. Wagner]] ,
shitburger[[w:Bill Huizenga|Mr. Huizenga of Michigan]] ,
shitburger[[w:Robert Hurt (politician)|Mr. Hurt]] , and
shitburger[[w:Spencer Bachus|Mr. Bachus]] ) introduced the following bill; which was referred to the [[w:United States House Committee on Financial Services|Committee on Financial Services]] }}


{{Center|A BILL}}

To prohibit contributions by Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac to the Housing Trust Fund and the Capital Market Fund while such enterprises are in conservatorship or receivership, and for other purposes.

=Section 1. Short title=

This Act may be cited as the “Pay Back the Taxpayers Act of 2014” .

=Sec. 2. Prohibition of contributions to Housing Trust Fund and Capital Magnet Fund while enterprises are in conservatorship or receivership=

Notwithstanding section 1337 of the Federal Housing Enterprises Financial Safety and Soundness Act of 1992( [http://www.law.cornell.edu/uscode/text/12/4567 12 U.S.C. 4567] )or any other provision of law, during the term of any conservatorship or receivership of the [[w:Fannie Mae|Federal National Mortgage Association]] or the [[w:Freddie Mac|Federal Home Loan Mortgage Corporation]] pursuant to section 1367 of such Act( [http://www.law.cornell.edu/uscode/text/12/4617 12 U.S.C. 4617] ), such enterprise shall not make any contribution or transfer to, or allocate or set aside any amounts for, the Housing Trust Fund established under section 1338 of such Act( [http://www.law.cornell.edu/uscode/text/12/4568 12 U.S.C. 4568] )or the Capital Magnet Fund established under section 1339 of such Act( [http://www.law.cornell.edu/uscode/text/12/4569 12 U.S.C. 4569] ).

=Sec. 3. Use of enterprise repayments to reduce budget deficit=

During the term of any conservatorship or receivership of the [[w:Fannie Mae|Federal National Mortgage Association]] or the [[w:Freddie Mac|Federal Home Loan Mortgage Corporation]] pursuant to section 1367 of such Act( [http://www.law.cornell.edu/uscode/text/12/4617 12 U.S.C. 4617] ), any amounts paid or repaid to the [[w:United States Department of the Treasury|Secretary of the Treasury]] by the [[w:Fannie Mae|Federal National Mortgage Association]] or the [[w:Freddie Mac|Federal Home Loan Mortgage Corporation]] in any form, including any dividends paid pursuant to the Amended and Restated Senior Preferred Stock Purchase Agreements, dated September 26, 2008, amended May 6, 2009, further amended December 24, 2009, and further amended August 17, 2012, between the [[w:United States Department of the Treasury|United States Department of the Treasury]] and the [[w:Fannie Mae|Federal National Mortgage Association]] , and between such [[w:United States Department of the Treasury|Department]] and the [[w:Freddie Mac|Federal Home Loan Mortgage Corporation]] shall be covered into the General Fund of the Treasury and shall be used only for reducing the budget deficit of the Federal Government.
{{PD-USGov}}
[[Category:Proposed United States federal law]]
[[Category:Proposed United States federal law of the 113th Congress]]
