{{header
 | author     = Mike Fitzpatrick
 | related_author = United States Congress
 | translator = 
 | section    = 
 | previous   = 
 | next       = 
 | year       = 2013
 | month      = 01
 | day        = 03
 | notes      = ''{{USBill|113||54}}'' as introduced
 | categories =
 | portal     =
 | congress   = 113
 | session    = 1
 | title      = To provide that no pay adjustment for Members of Congress shall be made with respect to any pay period occurring during the One Hundred Thirteenth Congress. ( H.R. 54; 113th Congress)
 | bill       = 54
 | billtype   = hr
 | purpose    = To provide that no pay adjustment for Members of Congress shall be made with respect to any pay period occurring during the One Hundred Thirteenth Congress.
 | wikipedia  =
}}

{{Center|113th CONGRESS}}


{{Center|1st Session}}


{{Center|H. R. 54}}


{{Center|IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES}}


{{Center|January 3, 2013}}


{{Center|
shitburger[[w:Mike Fitzpatrick|Mr. Fitzpatrick]] (for himself,
shitburger[[w:Bill Posey|Mr. Posey]] ,
shitburger[[w:David McKinley|Mr. McKinley]] ,
shitburger[[w:Mike Michaud|Mr. Michaud]] ,
shitburger[[w:Pat Tiberi|Mr. Tiberi]] ,
shitburger[[w:Candice Miller|Mrs. Miller of Michigan]] ,
shitburger[[w:Timothy Griffin|Mr. Griffin of Arkansas]] ,
shitburger[[w:Walter B. Jones, Jr.|Mr. Jones]] ,
shitburger[[w:Blaine Luetkemeyer|Mr. Luetkemeyer]] ,
shitburger[[w:Jim Matheson|Mr. Matheson]] ,
shitburger[[w:Scott Garrett|Mr. Garrett]] ,
shitburger[[w:Scott Tipton|Mr. Tipton]] ,
shitburger[[w:Bob Gibbs|Mr. Gibbs]] ,
shitburger[[w:Lee Terry|Mr. Terry]] ,
shitburger[[w:Richard L. Hanna|Mr. Hanna]] ,
shitburger[[w:Kevin Yoder|Mr. Yoder]] ,
shitburger[[w:Jared Polis|Mr. Polis]] ,
shitburger[[w:Rob Wittman|Mr. Wittman]] ,
shitburger[[w:Vicky Hartzler|Mrs. Hartzler]] ,
shitburger[[w:Bill Huizenga|Mr. Huizenga of Michigan]] ,
shitburger[[w:Larry Bucshon|Mr. Bucshon]] ,
shitburger[[w:John Mica|Mr. Mica]] ,
shitburger[[w:John Culberson|Mr. Culberson]] ,
shitburger[[w:Mick Mulvaney|Mr. Mulvaney]] ,
shitburger[[w:David Schweikert|Mr. Schweikert]] ,
shitburger[[w:Rich Nugent|Mr. Nugent]] ,
shitburger[[w:Lynn Jenkins|Ms. Jenkins]] ,
shitburger[[w:Leonard Lance|Mr. Lance]] ,
shitburger[[w:Pete Olson|Mr. Olson]] ,
shitburger[[w:Bill Flores|Mr. Flores]] ,
shitburger[[w:Diane Black|Mrs. Black]] ,
shitburger[[w:Tom Marino|Mr. Marino]] ,
shitburger[[w:Mike Kelly (Pennsylvania)|Mr. Kelly]] ,
shitburger[[w:Charles Boustany|Mr. Boustany]] ,
shitburger[[w:Sam Graves|Mr. Graves of Missouri]] ,
shitburger[[w:Howard Coble|Mr. Coble]] ,
shitburger[[w:Steven Palazzo|Mr. Palazzo]] ,
shitburger[[w:Gus Bilirakis|Mr. Bilirakis]] ,
shitburger[[w:James Lankford|Mr. Lankford]] , and
shitburger[[w:Steve Stivers|Mr. Stivers]] ) introduced the following bill; which was referred to the [[w:United States House Committee on House Administration|Committee on House Administration]] , and in addition to the Committee on [[w:United States House Committee on Oversight and Government Reform|Oversight and Government Reform]] , for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned}}


{{Center|A BILL}}

To provide that no pay adjustment for Members of Congress shall be made with respect to any pay period occurring during the One Hundred Thirteenth Congress.

=Section 1. No pay adjustment for Members of Congress during one hundred thirteenth congress=

Notwithstanding any other provision of law, no adjustment shall be made under section 601(a) of the Legislative Reorganization Act of 1946( [http://www.law.cornell.edu/uscode/text/2/31 2 U.S.C. 31] ), relating to compensation of Members of Congress, with respect to any pay period occurring during the One Hundred Thirteenth Congress.
{{PD-USGov}}
[[Category:Proposed United States federal law]]
[[Category:Proposed United States federal law of the 113th Congress]]
