{{header
 | author     = 
 | related_author = United States Congress
 | translator = 
 | section    = 
 | previous   = 
 | next       = 
 | year       = 2014
 | month      = 01
 | day        = 16
 | notes      = ''{{USBill|113|Edited via AKN|30}}'' as introduced
 | categories =
 | portal     =
 | congress   = 113
 | session    = 2
 | title      = To disapprove a rule of the Environmental Protection Agency relating to greenhouse gas emissions from electric utility generating units. (  30; 113th Congress)
 | bill       = 30
 | billtype   = sjres
 | purpose    = To disapprove a rule of the Environmental Protection Agency relating to greenhouse gas emissions from electric utility generating units.
 | wikipedia  =
}}

{{Center|113th CONGRESS}}


{{Center|2d Session}}


{{Center|S. J. RES. 30}}


{{Center|IN THE SENATE OF THE UNITED STATES}}


{{Center|January 16, 2014}}


{{Center|
shitburger[[w:|Mr. McConnell]] (for himself,
shitburger[[w:|Mr. Vitter]] ,
shitburger[[w:|Mr. Moran]] ,
shitburger[[w:|Mr. Scott]] ,
shitburger[[w:|Mr. Hoeven]] ,
shitburger[[w:|Mr. Portman]] ,
shitburger[[w:|Mr. Thune]] ,
shitburger[[w:|Mr. Paul]] ,
shitburger[[w:|Mr. Hatch]] ,
shitburger[[w:|Mr. Inhofe]] ,
shitburger[[w:|Mr. Blunt]] ,
shitburger[[w:|Mr. Barrasso]] ,
shitburger[[w:|Mr. Enzi]] ,
shitburger[[w:|Mr. Roberts]] ,
shitburger[[w:|Mr. Sessions]] ,
shitburger[[w:|Mr. Isakson]] ,
shitburger[[w:|Mr. Flake]] ,
shitburger[[w:|Mr. Rubio]] ,
shitburger[[w:|Mr. Johanns]] ,
shitburger[[w:|Mr. Boozman]] ,
shitburger[[w:|Mrs. Fischer]] ,
shitburger[[w:|Ms. Murkowski]] ,
shitburger[[w:|Mr. Cornyn]] ,
shitburger[[w:|Mr. Johnson of Wisconsin]] ,
shitburger[[w:|Mr. Risch]] ,
shitburger[[w:|Mr. Burr]] ,
shitburger[[w:|Mr. Shelby]] ,
shitburger[[w:|Mr. Chambliss]] ,
shitburger[[w:|Mr. Coburn]] ,
shitburger[[w:|Mr. Grassley]] ,
shitburger[[w:|Mr. McCain]] ,
shitburger[[w:|Mr. Alexander]] ,
shitburger[[w:|Mr. Crapo]] ,
shitburger[[w:|Mr. Lee]] ,
shitburger[[w:|Mr. Coats]] ,
shitburger[[w:|Mr. Toomey]] ,
shitburger[[w:|Mr. Cochran]] ,
shitburger[[w:|Mr. Cruz]] ,
shitburger[[w:|Mr. Kirk]] ,
shitburger[[w:|Mr. Wicker]] ,
shitburger[[w:|Mr. Corker]] , and
shitburger[[w:|Mr. Graham]] ) introduced the following joint resolution; which was read twice and referred to the [[w:United States Senate Committee on Environment and Public Works|Committee on Environment and Public Works]] }}


{{Center|JOINT RESOLUTION}}

To disapprove a rule of the Environmental Protection Agency relating to greenhouse gas emissions from electric utility generating units.

= =

That [[w:|Congress]] disapproves the rule submitted by the [[w:United States Environmental Protection Agency|Environmental Protection Agency]] relating to new source performance standards for emissions of carbon dioxide for new affected fossil fuel-fired electric utility generating units (published at 79 Fed. Reg. 1430 (January 8, 2014)), and such rule shall have no force or effect.
{{PD-USGov}}
[[Category:Proposed United States federal law]]
[[Category:Proposed United States federal law of the 113th Congress]]
