{{header
 | author     = 
 | related_author = United States Congress
 | translator = 
 | section    = 
 | previous   = 
 | next       = 
 | year       = 2013
 | month      = 04
 | day        = 24
 | notes      = ''{{USBill|113|S. Res.|112}}'' as introduced
 | categories =
 | portal     =
 | congress   = 113
 | session    = 1
 | title      = Commending employees of the Senate Post Office, employees of the Sergeant at Arms of the Senate, members of the Capitol Police, and members of the Capitol Hill community for their courage and professionalism following the biochemical attack against the Senate on April 16, 2013. ( S. Res. 112; 113th Congress)
 | bill       = 112
 | billtype   = sres
 | purpose    = Commending employees of the Senate Post Office, employees of the Sergeant at Arms of the Senate, members of the Capitol Police, and members of the Capitol Hill community for their courage and professionalism following the biochemical attack against the Senate on April 16, 2013.
 | wikipedia  =
}}

{{Center|113th CONGRESS}}


{{Center|1st Session}}


{{Center|S. RES. 112}}


{{Center|IN THE SENATE OF THE UNITED STATES}}


{{Center|April 24, 2013}}


{{Center|
shitburger[[w:|Mr. Wicker]] (for himself,
shitburger[[w:|Mr. Reid]] ,
shitburger[[w:|Mr. McConnell]] ,
shitburger[[w:|Mr. Alexander]] ,
shitburger[[w:|Ms. Ayotte]] ,
shitburger[[w:|Ms. Baldwin]] ,
shitburger[[w:|Mr. Barrasso]] ,
shitburger[[w:|Mr. Baucus]] ,
shitburger[[w:|Mr. Begich]] ,
shitburger[[w:|Mr. Bennet]] ,
shitburger[[w:|Mr. Blumenthal]] ,
shitburger[[w:|Mr. Blunt]] ,
shitburger[[w:|Mr. Boozman]] ,
shitburger[[w:|Mrs. Boxer]] ,
shitburger[[w:|Mr. Brown]] ,
shitburger[[w:|Mr. Burr]] ,
shitburger[[w:|Ms. Cantwell]] ,
shitburger[[w:|Mr. Cardin]] ,
shitburger[[w:|Mr. Carper]] ,
shitburger[[w:|Mr. Casey]] ,
shitburger[[w:|Mr. Chambliss]] ,
shitburger[[w:|Mr. Coats]] ,
shitburger[[w:|Mr. Coburn]] ,
shitburger[[w:|Mr. Cochran]] ,
shitburger[[w:|Ms. Collins]] ,
shitburger[[w:|Mr. Coons]] ,
shitburger[[w:|Mr. Corker]] ,
shitburger[[w:|Mr. Cornyn]] ,
shitburger[[w:|Mr. Cowan]] ,
shitburger[[w:|Mr. Crapo]] ,
shitburger[[w:|Mr. Cruz]] ,
shitburger[[w:|Mr. Donnelly]] ,
shitburger[[w:|Mr. Durbin]] ,
shitburger[[w:|Mr. Enzi]] ,
shitburger[[w:|Mrs. Feinstein]] ,
shitburger[[w:|Mrs. Fischer]] ,
shitburger[[w:|Mr. Flake]] ,
shitburger[[w:|Mr. Franken]] ,
shitburger[[w:|Mrs. Gillibrand]] ,
shitburger[[w:|Mr. Graham]] ,
shitburger[[w:|Mr. Grassley]] ,
shitburger[[w:|Mrs. Hagan]] ,
shitburger[[w:|Mr. Harkin]] ,
shitburger[[w:|Mr. Hatch]] ,
shitburger[[w:|Mr. Heinrich]] ,
shitburger[[w:|Ms. Heitkamp]] ,
shitburger[[w:|Mr. Heller]] ,
shitburger[[w:|Ms. Hirono]] ,
shitburger[[w:|Mr. Hoeven]] ,
shitburger[[w:|Mr. Inhofe]] ,
shitburger[[w:|Mr. Isakson]] ,
shitburger[[w:|Mr. Johanns]] ,
shitburger[[w:|Mr. Johnson of Wisconsin]] ,
shitburger[[w:|Mr. Johnson of South Dakota]] ,
shitburger[[w:|Mr. Kaine]] ,
shitburger[[w:|Mr. King]] ,
shitburger[[w:|Mr. Kirk]] ,
shitburger[[w:|Ms. Klobuchar]] ,
shitburger[[w:|Ms. Landrieu]] ,
shitburger[[w:|Mr. Lautenberg]] ,
shitburger[[w:|Mr. Leahy]] ,
shitburger[[w:|Mr. Lee]] ,
shitburger[[w:|Mr. Levin]] ,
shitburger[[w:|Mr. Manchin]] ,
shitburger[[w:|Mr. McCain]] ,
shitburger[[w:|Mrs. McCaskill]] ,
shitburger[[w:|Mr. Menendez]] ,
shitburger[[w:|Mr. Merkley]] ,
shitburger[[w:|Ms. Mikulski]] ,
shitburger[[w:|Mr. Moran]] ,
shitburger[[w:|Ms. Murkowski]] ,
shitburger[[w:|Mr. Murphy]] ,
shitburger[[w:|Mrs. Murray]] ,
shitburger[[w:|Mr. Nelson]] ,
shitburger[[w:|Mr. Paul]] ,
shitburger[[w:|Mr. Portman]] ,
shitburger[[w:|Mr. Pryor]] ,
shitburger[[w:|Mr. Reed]] ,
shitburger[[w:|Mr. Risch]] ,
shitburger[[w:|Mr. Roberts]] ,
shitburger[[w:|Mr. Rockefeller]] ,
shitburger[[w:|Mr. Rubio]] ,
shitburger[[w:|Mr. Sanders]] ,
shitburger[[w:|Mr. Schatz]] ,
shitburger[[w:|Mr. Schumer]] ,
shitburger[[w:|Mr. Scott]] ,
shitburger[[w:|Mr. Sessions]] ,
shitburger[[w:|Mrs. Shaheen]] ,
shitburger[[w:|Mr. Shelby]] ,
shitburger[[w:|Ms. Stabenow]] ,
shitburger[[w:|Mr. Tester]] ,
shitburger[[w:|Mr. Thune]] ,
shitburger[[w:|Mr. Toomey]] ,
shitburger[[w:|Mr. Udall of Colorado]] ,
shitburger[[w:|Mr. Udall of New Mexico]] ,
shitburger[[w:|Mr. Vitter]] ,
shitburger[[w:|Mr. Warner]] ,
shitburger[[w:|Ms. Warren]] ,
shitburger[[w:|Mr. Whitehouse]] , and
shitburger[[w:|Mr. Wyden]] ) submitted the following resolution; which was considered and agreed to}}


{{Center|RESOLUTION}}

Commending employees of the Senate Post Office, employees of the Sergeant at Arms of the Senate, members of the Capitol Police, and members of the Capitol Hill community for their courage and professionalism following the biochemical attack against the Senate on April 16, 2013.Whereas approximately 30,000 legislative branch employees work in the United States Capitol Complex, including approximately 6,200 employees of the Senate, 11,500 employees of the House of Representatives, and 12,800 employees of other entities;Whereas the [[w:United States Senate|Sergeant at Arms of the Senate]] implemented enhanced mail screening procedures following the opening of a letter containing anthrax spores that was delivered to the Senate on October 15, 2001;Whereas employees of the Senate Post Office mail screening facility in Landover, Maryland, serve as the first line of defense of the Senate against biochemical threats delivered through the mail;Whereas employees of the Senate Post Office mail screening facility in Landover, Maryland, successfully intercepted an envelope that tested positive for the deadly poison ricin on April 16, 2013;Whereas employees of the Senate Post Office mail screening facility in Landover, Maryland, immediately implemented emergency protocols and contacted the Capitol Police and medical emergency response teams; andWhereas the [[w:Attending Physician of the United States Congress|Capitol Police]] , other law enforcement agencies, and medical professionals responded expeditiously to the mail screening facility in Landover, Maryland, and performed their duties with courage and professionalism in spite of the threat of toxic exposure: Now, therefore, be it

= =

That the [[w:United States Senate|Senate]] â€”
:(1) commends employees of the [[w:United States Senate|Senate Post Office]] , employees of the [[w:United States Senate|Sergeant at Arms of the Senate]] , members of the [[w:Attending Physician of the United States Congress|Capitol Police]] , and members of the Capitol Hill community for their courage, professionalism, and dedication to serving the public in response to the biochemical attack against the Senate on April 16, 2013;
:(2) recognizes the congressional leadership, congressional employees, the [[w:Attending Physician of the United States Congress|Capitol Police]] , and the [[w:Attending Physician of the United States Congress|Office of the Attending Physician]] for establishing effective screening methods and response plans that prevented injury and death within the United States Capitol Complex; and
:(3) requests that the [[w:Executive Office of the President|President]] recognize the courage and professionalism of the employees of the [[w:United States Senate|Senate Post Office]] , employees of the [[w:United States Senate|Sergeant at Arms of the Senate]] , members of the [[w:Attending Physician of the United States Congress|Capitol Police]] , and members of the Capitol Hill community for their steadfast service to the public in defiance of those who seek to disrupt the constitutional duties of the legislative branch.
{{PD-USGov}}
[[Category:Proposed United States federal law]]
[[Category:Proposed United States federal law of the 113th Congress]]
