{{header
 | author     = 
 | related_author = United States Congress
 | translator = 
 | section    = 
 | previous   = 
 | next       = 
 | year       = 2013
 | month      = 10
 | day        = 09
 | notes      = ''{{USBill|113|S. Res.|267}}'' as introduced
 | categories =
 | portal     =
 | congress   = 113
 | session    = 1
 | title      = Relative to the death of Rod Grams, former United States Senator for the State of Minnesota. ( S. Res. 267; 113th Congress)
 | bill       = 267
 | billtype   = sres
 | purpose    = Relative to the death of Rod Grams, former United States Senator for the State of Minnesota.
 | wikipedia  =
}}

{{Center|113th CONGRESS}}


{{Center|1st Session}}


{{Center|S. RES. 267}}


{{Center|IN THE SENATE OF THE UNITED STATES}}


{{Center|October 9, 2013}}


{{Center|
shitburger[[w:|Ms. Klobuchar]] (for herself,
shitburger[[w:|Mr. Franken]] ,
shitburger[[w:|Mr. Reid]] ,
shitburger[[w:|Mr. McConnell]] ,
shitburger[[w:|Mr. Alexander]] ,
shitburger[[w:|Ms. Ayotte]] ,
shitburger[[w:|Ms. Baldwin]] ,
shitburger[[w:|Mr. Barrasso]] ,
shitburger[[w:|Mr. Baucus]] ,
shitburger[[w:|Mr. Begich]] ,
shitburger[[w:|Mr. Bennet]] ,
shitburger[[w:|Mr. Blumenthal]] ,
shitburger[[w:|Mr. Blunt]] ,
shitburger[[w:|Mr. Boozman]] ,
shitburger[[w:|Mrs. Boxer]] ,
shitburger[[w:|Mr. Brown]] ,
shitburger[[w:|Mr. Burr]] ,
shitburger[[w:|Ms. Cantwell]] ,
shitburger[[w:|Mr. Cardin]] ,
shitburger[[w:|Mr. Carper]] ,
shitburger[[w:|Mr. Casey]] ,
shitburger[[w:|Mr. Chambliss]] ,
shitburger[[w:|Mr. Chiesa]] ,
shitburger[[w:|Mr. Coats]] ,
shitburger[[w:|Mr. Coburn]] ,
shitburger[[w:|Mr. Cochran]] ,
shitburger[[w:|Ms. Collins]] ,
shitburger[[w:|Mr. Coons]] ,
shitburger[[w:|Mr. Corker]] ,
shitburger[[w:|Mr. Cornyn]] ,
shitburger[[w:|Mr. Crapo]] ,
shitburger[[w:|Mr. Cruz]] ,
shitburger[[w:|Mr. Donnelly]] ,
shitburger[[w:|Mr. Durbin]] ,
shitburger[[w:|Mr. Enzi]] ,
shitburger[[w:|Mrs. Feinstein]] ,
shitburger[[w:|Mrs. Fischer]] ,
shitburger[[w:|Mr. Flake]] ,
shitburger[[w:|Mrs. Gillibrand]] ,
shitburger[[w:|Mr. Graham]] ,
shitburger[[w:|Mr. Grassley]] ,
shitburger[[w:|Mrs. Hagan]] ,
shitburger[[w:|Mr. Harkin]] ,
shitburger[[w:|Mr. Hatch]] ,
shitburger[[w:|Mr. Heinrich]] ,
shitburger[[w:|Ms. Heitkamp]] ,
shitburger[[w:|Mr. Heller]] ,
shitburger[[w:|Ms. Hirono]] ,
shitburger[[w:|Mr. Hoeven]] ,
shitburger[[w:|Mr. Inhofe]] ,
shitburger[[w:|Mr. Isakson]] ,
shitburger[[w:|Mr. Johanns]] ,
shitburger[[w:|Mr. Johnson of Wisconsin]] ,
shitburger[[w:|Mr. Johnson of South Dakota]] ,
shitburger[[w:|Mr. Kaine]] ,
shitburger[[w:|Mr. King]] ,
shitburger[[w:|Mr. Kirk]] ,
shitburger[[w:|Ms. Landrieu]] ,
shitburger[[w:|Mr. Leahy]] ,
shitburger[[w:|Mr. Lee]] ,
shitburger[[w:|Mr. Levin]] ,
shitburger[[w:|Mr. Manchin]] ,
shitburger[[w:|Mr. Markey]] ,
shitburger[[w:|Mr. McCain]] ,
shitburger[[w:|Mrs. McCaskill]] ,
shitburger[[w:|Mr. Menendez]] ,
shitburger[[w:|Mr. Merkley]] ,
shitburger[[w:|Ms. Mikulski]] ,
shitburger[[w:|Mr. Moran]] ,
shitburger[[w:|Ms. Murkowski]] ,
shitburger[[w:|Mr. Murphy]] ,
shitburger[[w:|Mrs. Murray]] ,
shitburger[[w:|Mr. Nelson]] ,
shitburger[[w:|Mr. Paul]] ,
shitburger[[w:|Mr. Portman]] ,
shitburger[[w:|Mr. Pryor]] ,
shitburger[[w:|Mr. Reed]] ,
shitburger[[w:|Mr. Risch]] ,
shitburger[[w:|Mr. Roberts]] ,
shitburger[[w:|Mr. Rockefeller]] ,
shitburger[[w:|Mr. Rubio]] ,
shitburger[[w:|Mr. Sanders]] ,
shitburger[[w:|Mr. Schatz]] ,
shitburger[[w:|Mr. Schumer]] ,
shitburger[[w:|Mr. Scott]] ,
shitburger[[w:|Mr. Sessions]] ,
shitburger[[w:|Mrs. Shaheen]] ,
shitburger[[w:|Mr. Shelby]] ,
shitburger[[w:|Ms. Stabenow]] ,
shitburger[[w:|Mr. Tester]] ,
shitburger[[w:|Mr. Thune]] ,
shitburger[[w:|Mr. Toomey]] ,
shitburger[[w:|Mr. Udall of Colorado]] ,
shitburger[[w:|Mr. Udall of New Mexico]] ,
shitburger[[w:|Mr. Vitter]] ,
shitburger[[w:|Mr. Warner]] ,
shitburger[[w:|Ms. Warren]] ,
shitburger[[w:|Mr. Whitehouse]] ,
shitburger[[w:|Mr. Wicker]] , and
shitburger[[w:|Mr. Wyden]] ) submitted the following resolution; which was considered and agreed to}}


{{Center|RESOLUTION}}

Relative to the death of Rod Grams, former United States Senator for the State of Minnesota.Whereas Rod Grams faithfully served the people of Minnesota with distinction in the United States [[w:United States Congress|Congress]] ;Whereas Rod Grams was elected to the [[w:United States House of Representatives|United States House of Representatives]] in 1992 and served one term as a Representative from the State of Minnesota and later served as a chief of staff in the [[w:United States House of Representatives|House of Representatives]] ;Whereas Rod Grams was elected to the United States Senate in 1994 and served one term as a Senator from the State of Minnesota; andWhereas as a Senator, Rod Grams served on the Senate Standing [[w:United States Senate Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs|Committees on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs]] , [[w:United States Senate Committee on Energy and Natural Resources|Energy and Natural Resources]] , [[w:United States Senate Committee on Foreign Relations|Foreign Relations]] , and the [[w:United States Senate Committee on the Budget|Budget]] and on the [[w:Joint Economic Committee|Joint Economic Committee]] : Now, therefore, be it

= =

That the [[w:United States Senate|Senate]] has heard with profound sorrow and deep regret the announcement of the death of the Honorable Rod Grams, former member of the [[w:United States Senate|United States Senate]] .That the [[w:United States Senate|Secretary of the Senate]] communicate these resolutions to the [[w:United States House of Representatives|House of Representatives]] and transmit an enrolled copy thereof to the family of the deceased.That when the [[w:United States Senate|Senate]] adjourns today, it stand adjourned as a further mark of respect to the memory of the Honorable Rod Grams.
{{PD-USGov}}
[[Category:Proposed United States federal law]]
[[Category:Proposed United States federal law of the 113th Congress]]
